hey what's up everybody watching the
drop I'm Cynthia Lucy yet and I'm Jay
snow so Microsoft did a reboot of their
website how I looked at in it right and
they use the best facial recognition
technology they have to date yes it's
sad because that's still not very good
technology this website kind of gets the
edge wrong every single time so what you
do is you upload a picture or you search
a picture and it'll tell you how old it
thinks you look completely off but
addicting like we are playing it for an
hour this morning like look of somebody
else's nation right right I looked up a
picture for me and they said I was 36
yes I was official for me it's a 29 but
I did look another picture into so 20 so
right I'm hitting on today I got 36 like
I get carded for shit that ain't alcohol
we're trying to buy fruit they've like
only get on the 7 right so we looked up
a lot of other people as well let's
start in house with some of our abd
family and see how old they look right
Russell Simmons came up in 44 years old
from this picture so Russell Simmons is
only like three years older than you
technically right according to how I
look dotnet whatever you search Doughboy
he's on walling out if he didn't know
he's 39 years old in this picture yeah
Calvin stage was 29 man and it's his
birthday today
happy birthday Ken
heavy 29th birthday sling Johnson came
up in 64 years old
I think it's ancient according at his
website so let's do some of your
favorite youtubers DeStorm got 39 good
morning world another day another
challenge that's my juicer that's your
day story impression Timothy DeLaGhetto
got 19 in this picture like Jesus I
don't know what it is the lighting of
the facial hair or the light thereof
it's races right it's like well you're
gonna you know I feel like this is a way
for white people to feel better about
black night cracking so like let's make
up a website easy right
right right I'm just you know I'm just
spitballing here you may be onto
something because when we did Madonna
she was 31 and we all know that's not
the truth when we do y'all hug and he
was 41 like I don't know young thug is
like a skeleton wrapped in black saran
wrap or some shit like who knows
yong-seok I see 55 year old firm now I'm
bailing on you like what I want a
Birdman sperm like makes you older and
then Emma so what do you guys think is
how I look just a big conspiracy theory
like Jay snow says leave some comments
what's your age versus what they said
you are in the comments below as well
right you're good because evidently that
matters right and your race because it
does matter
subscribe to all that digital I felt bad
Vicky you this race it doesn't matter
alright and you're in your eighth and
your social your ancestors we're gonna
find you subscribe to all their digital
yeah this video with your friends
I'm Jason oh I'm sleepy with yet see you
next week on the drop it's Friday
well Friday people